Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
We earlier used to have 100
per cent occupancy at our hotel.
People used to make bookings
2 months in advance.
And now. even our old customers
don't stay with us anymore.
Our business is getting ruined.
You know what a thug
Madhav Singh is. sir.
He has the backing of a
crime syndicate like Himmat's.
Sir. the whole of the city
is paying extortion money. So..
Must we pay up too?
Must we encourage the rule of the gun?
We will never do that.
Whatever we stand to lose..
..we will now bow to them.
I'll have a word with the
Commissioner about this matter.
But remember. Suraj must
not get to know anything about it.
Sir. Suraj already knows.
Oh my God!
What do you want. sir?
A cigarette or a betel-leaf?
I want a life. - Life..?
Not yours. Madhav Singh's life.
- Madhav Singh's..?
Yes! Madhav Singh's life!
Where is the rat?
Are they coming towards
me or going elsewhere?
Well? Can't you see anymore?
- What did you say?
So you can't hear me either?
You're dead. blind and deaf!
Scared? When I can't see a thing.
whom will I be scared of?
I'll deal with them.
Problem with my eyes.
I suddenly stop seeing things.
And problem with my ears.
I'm suddenly hard of hearing.
So when must I put on my hearing-aid..
..and when must I
put on the glasses..?
It all has to do with timing. you see.
Madhav Singh!
Suraj.. Suraj.
Death hovers above my head.
Not your head? Krupa.
It stands before them.
Dressed in a suit.
you want to play a thug. mister?
Is it okay now. Madhav Singh?
- You're not mad. are you?
Aren't you scared of death?
- Only those who love their lives..
..are afraid of death. - Smart-aleck..
Suraj! Don't be afraid!
I'm right here!
I've got your clothes.
They have swords
in their hands. Get in.
Skin them alive!
That's it!
What?
Where have you been? - I went to..
..make Madhav see reason. father.
- To make him see reason?
And what did you finally do?
- What could I do. father..?
Suraj wasn't the one..
who started the fight. brother.
He raised his hands first and Suraj..
Your indulgence has spoiled him.
Why? Don't you love him?
You love him the most.
That's exactly why I'm worried.
Don't ever mess with them again.
Himmat is no small-time thug.
Had something happened to you.
what would your father do?
Suraj..? Balwant Singh's son? - Yes.
Shut up!
He has challenged Himmat's.
I'll have his hands and feet broken..
Cool it. dad.. - Damn you!
Well. I..
Doesn't my girl play
the piano so well?
Why are you staring at her?
Do you recognise her?
Sapna.
You're Suraj. right?
Nice introduction. I say.
No one introduced the
two of you to each other.
So how did you get to know each other?
Aunt. father told us yesterday..
..that his childhood friend
Uncle Cheema is arriving.
She had to be his daughter Sapna.
But how did you recognise her.
my child?
Daddy often says
that his friend's..
..family has a poet in its midst.
I'm no poet. but I do
write a few lines now and then.
Hello son!
Suraj! How are you. son?
Come. let's embrace..
that was very satisfying.
Which way have you come in?
- It's him. We went to fetch him.
The guests are already home and..
..this chap was still at the station
How was I to know that a girl
from Bhatinda would be so modern?
There was this girl in a
Salwar Kameez looking here and there.
I walked up to her and said. "Sapna?"
And look at my luck
she was Sapna!
It was Rachna and
you took it for Sapna.
All right. Whatever it is.
I said. "Where's daddy?"
She said.
"He's dead." I said. "In the train?"
She said. "No. in the village."
And I sat down there.. mourning.
And along came this gentlemen..
Mr Cheema.. upfront.
Imagine.
Here I am mourning his death..
..and he stands before me.
How shocking!
Finish your drink.
We must have another.
Before talking about my past..
..do see that my grown
up daughter is right here.
Have you no shame at all?
She knows everything. Your
wife must have told her everything.
Right. Sapna?
But there is something
your Mummy hasn't told you about.
I didn't know about it either.
I'll tell you now.
No! Not another word! - See?
It isn't only me.
Every man is like that.
You too?
Have your food. Have your food.
Cheema. it's fun to have you here.
Stay over for some more days.
What's your hurry to leave?
I want to stay.
too. but it's necessary..
..for me to get there by next week.
But Sapna will stay here.
Yes.
Getting her an admission in
the college is your responsibility.
Rest assured. uncle.
She'll get the admission.
Great!
Suraj. get us another drink son.
Balwant. it was very
nice meeting Suraj again.
I'm glad you offered him shelter.
Or he'd have forever
longed for his mother's love.
Isn't Suraj really your son?
My child he was not born to us..
..but he's no lesser than a son.
He was just a child
when I adopted him.
He came from a rich family..
..and never got the
love of his mother.
His mother always kept
him far away from herself.
His entire childhood was
spent in lonely servants' quarters.
He wondered why his mother
reserved all her love and affection..
..only for his younger brother.
"The earth has gone to sleep"
"The skies have gone to sleep"
"Deep in the slumber
is the whole world"
"With dreams in her eyes.."
"Rocking you in her arms.."
"Your mother sings
a lullaby for you.."
"So come. sleep.. Come. slumber"
"The earth has gone to sleep"
"The skies have gone to sleep"
"Deep in the slumber
is the whole world"
"Shadows are slipping by.."
"Loneliness takes over"
"The Moon and the stars
embellish the night"
"A peaceful flute plays in a distant"
"A fairy will come in flying.."
"..to show you a glittering world.."
"While your mother
puts you to sleep.."
"So come. sleep.. come. slumber.."
''Sleep.. come. slumber.."
"The earth has gone to sleep.."
"The skies have gone to sleep.."
"Deep in the slumber
is the whole world.."
Father!
Son. my son.. how are you?
Why haven't you eaten?
Why doesn't Mummy
sing lullabies for me?
Take me to Mummy..
please. I want to go to Mummy
Papa. please.. Papa. please.
Son.
Isn't she my mother?
- She's very much your mother.
You were born of her womb.
- So why doesn't she love..?
You'll have an answer
to all your questions. son.
The day you grow up.
Take me to Mummy. Please. Papa!
I looked everywhere else for you.
but when I couldn't find you..
I understood.
that my friend must be here..
..in this Rajput mansion
thinking about his mother
What happened today that
you came here to meet your past?
Forget it.
Let's go and have a drink. Come on
Drink it up. my friend. Drink.
Drink.
Even if you drink all
the liquor in the world..
..your pain will never be alleviated.
- Of pain came liquor-dens
Of pain came these
overflowing glasses.
Had it not been for pain.
there would not have been this liquor.
Neither would you drink. nor I.
Nor would we have got a bad name.
Wow! Wow!
Come to think of it. some pain or..
..the other bothers everyone here.
No. Is there anyone around whose..
..mother left him in his childhood?
No. Suraj. you.. - Why?
Why did my mother leave me?
My own mother?
I have pined so much
for my mother's love.
She looked like a Goddess.
You still remember her face?
Can anyone forget
how his mother looked?
Wherever she comes from. I
just want her to hold me to her bosom.
What will I say to you?
Were you born out of pain?
Or did you get only
pain after you were born?
I don't know what the truth is.
A world full of pain.
And I sit with an empty glass.
I'm not fond of liquor.
But I must overcome my sorrow.
They were such rascals..
What's that noise?
Let's go and check. Come on.
Oh my God!
Meeting Suraj during the day.
nobody could ever say that he..
That he's drowned in
darkness by night. isn't it?
A mother leaving her own child?
Why. grandma?
None of us knows that.
Neither does Suraj.
When one finds no answers
to some burning questions..
..man can neither live nor die.
"No fairy ever arrives.."
"To light up my dreams.."
"So sing me a lullaby
and put me to sleep"
"In your arms. come.. put me to sleep"
"This hide-n-seek torments me.."
"You never come before me.."
"Why do you make me cry.."
"Come to me.."
"The earth has gone to sleep.
so have the skies.."
Mother! Don't leave me and go away!
Mother!
Mother. I won't let you leave again.
Have you ever thought?
If Suraj (the Sun)..
were to be so morose.
how dark it would be around us?
Maybe you don't know.
but your sorrow bothers others too.
Besides. God gives
no human being only sorrow.
Apart from sorrow. he also
gives man some happiness.. and love.
It's just that man can't
see it happening around him.
Instead of drowning yourself
in liquor. you ought to seek out..
..that happiness and love.
There's another side to life.
It's very beautiful. Try living that.
I am sorry.
If I have said something I
shouldn't have. please do forgive me.
Because I consider
you to be my friend. I..
I ought to thank you. not God. - Why?
Because I've got an admission
in the college because of you.
Son.. - Lady..? You're cold.
Lady..? - How are you. son.
You're cold.
I went up the hill.
it was very chilly there.
It was so cold.
I thought maybe I should walk around..
I'd feel a bit warm.
Go and buy a blanket immediately.
- May you live long. son.
May God give you
so much of happiness..
..it must last you a lifetime.
Who was she? - A grief-stricken woman.
All her life. she did people's
dishes and washed their clothes.
Know why? For her son.
And the day he grew up.
he left his mother.
Ever since. she goes around
begging like a mad woman.
That's so sad.
What a strange world.
- Yes. it's a strange world.
There are sons walking out on..
..mothers and mothers
leaving their sons.
Suraj.
My word! Fantastic!
- The smell of Bhatinda.
Here you are. Eat this.
- Don't you wait for Suraj at dinner?
Do you want us to starve? - You..
Eat quietly.
Suraj! At nine today?
- Suraj. nice to see you come.
I'm told you've
composed a new couplet.
So recite a couplet.
- Yes! In the forests!
Shut up Jugnu! - Come on Suraj.
Recite a poem. please.
- Go ahead. son. A nice lively one.
To remind my friend
of his younger days.
Any couplet will do.
but not one on booze. Please!
Recite it. Suraj.
Come on. Suraj.
"I was so high on what.."
..I had seen of her last evening.."
"..that my eyes were offended
when sleep took over.."
Fantastic! "I was so high on what.."
"..I had seen of her last evening.."
"That my eyes were offended
when sleep took over.."
Wow! Wow!
"Love.."
"Has happened on the sly.."
"I've sworn it.."
"Ever so secretly.."
"On the sly.."
"The world will never get wind.."
"When we meet secretly.."
"Love.."
"Has happened on the sly.."
"I've sworn it.."
"Ever so secretly.."
"We'll let our eyes
speak for our hearts.."
"To our lips.
we shall not bring a word.."
"Pining. loneliness.."
"we'll together put up with.."
"Desire gives me a beautiful grief.."
"This grief I shall
bear secretly too."
"Ever since I have seen you.
my love.."
"I have turned a
poet at first sight.."
"I have hidden you away.."
"in my heart. in my eyes.."
"Without you. I find peace nowhere.."
"Such is the state
you have brought me to.."
"Love has happened on the sly.."
"I've sworn it ever so secretly.."
She said that liquor is
evil and you gave up drinking!
But I'm keeping you company. - No!
Even if a drinker
stops going to the bar..
..he never gives up drinking.
Tell Sapna that you're
in love with her.
Don't delay it anymore. my friend.
Make a booking at once.
Or you might see her hooked elsewhere.
Welcome sir.
How much money?
- Bachelor? I'm married.
So you're a bit hard of hearing?
- Hard up? It's 1300 rupees!
1300 ? So little?
I'll give you 200 more. A tip.
1500 makes nice hearing. right?
- 1500 ? One moment.
Maybe it's in the other pocket.
Maybe in the third.
No pocket at all.
Looks like my wallet has been picked.
Look. mister.
I've started business only today..
and you're my first passenger.
So please skip these nasty jokes.
I'll have a heart-attack
and you'll be..
.. imprisoned for killing me. My fare.
Strange man!
You're worried about your fare.
I've been relieved
of 500 500-rupee notes.
And you no sympathies at all.
I think I have to show my
sympathy to him now. One moment.
Friends. come here. come here.
This man has lost his purse.
Show him some sympathy. please.
He hasn't any money to pay the fare..
..Show him some sympathy. please.
How much was the fare. Jugnu?
- 1500 rupees.
1000 was the fare.
200 was the tip.. - What tip?
I don't have money to pay the fare..
- You yourself told me!
He made me spend on cigarettes.
said he didn't have any change.
And now he says the wallet is missing.
Beat him up!
What kind of a person are you?
It's just money..
- I'll not spare you.
Wait.. how much money is it?
- You'll pay for him. Suraj?
I've been watching the farce.
Such a thing could happen to anyone.
Don't you see?
He appears to come from a nice family.
Right. big brother.
I really come from a decent family.
Or I'd have paid him. I was
even carrying my credit cards in it.
How much money. uncle? - 1500 rupees.
1500 for what? Deduct 200 from it.
- All right. give me 1300.
1500.
Take this.
I'll fix you. - What? What?
Brother.. where are you going?
Give me your address. please.
I've got to return your money.
- No. it's all right.
Oh no. how's that possible.
I come from a respectable family.
Please give me your card.
I'll return your money to you.
I promise. - Here.
Thank you. Thank you for your help.
Suraj Singh.
Partner. Gun Park Royal Hotel.
Here's your money.
Here's your salary for today.
You needn't come tomorrow.
Why? - Suraj paid up today.
Who's going to pay up tomorrow?
Damn you!
Raj Chauhan.. you must have
a booking in my name. - Sorry sir.
There's no booking in your name.
- Are you sure?
Where's that bloody Suraj..?
- Sir. excuse me.
You're talking about our boss.
- Boss. he is to you.
He's my childhood friend.
I'll give him such a tight slap.
He begs me to come here and
doesn't even come to receive me.
And there isn't even a room for me!
Isn't it wrong..?
It is wrong sir.
Mr Gupta.
looks like Mr Suraj forgot to tell..
..us about his friend's arrival.
But he has even given up drinking.
- Maybe that's why he forgot.
Okay.
If he goes away.
you might even lose your job. sir.
I'm leaving. This is an insult.
- Sir. sir. Excuse me. sir.
Didn't you talk about a room. sir?
Actually there's a suite
booked in your name. sir.
Go and get it ready.
I like that. I like that.
I like you. - Thank you sir.
You hide your boss's weakness.
Nice employee.
Thank you sir.
- All right. I'll take the suite.
But don't tell Suraj I'm staying here
No. - I want to see
when he thinks of me.
Right sir.
Don't shake your head.
For your father's sake. you mustn't.
Sir.
Looks like you forgot
to tell us about your friend.
But I've given him a suite.
- My friend..?
Raja..?
Please don't tell him that
I've already reminded you. sir.
He has implored me
in the name of my father.
Implored you?
- My father's dead. sir..
..won't make a difference
if I break my promise
All right.
The suite. isn't it? - Yes. sir.
Keep it. Keep it. Come in.
The door won't open on the outside.
Open it. You want me to open it then?
I'll explain this. sir..
..what are you guys watching?
Get going!
Stay.. throw his stuff out.
Let's sort it out between ourselves.
I want them to see
how I deal with frauds.
I was hungry. sir.
And I'm even willing to do the dishes.
Really? Throw it out.
- What are you doing..?
Don't have it thrown. sir.
- You throw it out then.
I have stuff in it. sir. - Throw it!
Was there anything else?
- My respect. sir. And you..
Respect?
- I come from a nice family. sir.
Nice family. eh? Rotten..
Sorry sir. I got hurt in my eye.
You. son?
Uncle Rastogi! How are you? - Fine.
Mr. Rastogi. do you know him?
- Of course.
He's from a rich family in Jaipur.
He has a huge bungalow there.
Yes. tell them.
- Are you here on a vacation. son?
If someone lets me have a vacation.
The hills are very beautiful.
- And dangerous too.
Enjoy yourself. young man.
Enjoy yourself. - Bye.
Hear that?
Come on in. You may go.
Excuse me. With or without luggage?
Bring it all in.
Thank you.
Now look. Maybe you come from
a decent family.. - Big brother..
Got hurt.
You've always come to my
rescue like an elder brother.
May I call you Big Brother?
- Certainly.
Thank you. thank you.
The problem is.
mother's forcing me into a marriage.
And there's someone else I love.
- Where is the girl?
I don't know.
but I'm told she's in this very city.
Big Brother. in just one glimpse..
..I gave my heart away to her.
You saw her at the fashion show.
You must've taken pictures too?
If only I could gather my wits.
I'd surely have taken pictures.
I was blown out.
Strange. isn't it?
But this is how matters..
..of the heart are. Big Brother.
Deep in thought. eh?
From the look of it.
you are in love with someone too.
I was thinking what a fool you are.
You don't know where the girl lives..
..and you're out to find her.
How will you?
With your help. If you help me..
..my work will be done. Big Brother.
It has to do with love.. okay?
What are you doing here?
- What are you doing here?
What a look you cast at my taxi
I had to close down that business..
..and I start a canteen here.
- Here? I see.
You've followed me.
here to torment me.
Who gave you my whereabouts?
Why did you come into
my life again? Why..?
What harm have I done to you?
You're the one who
came into my life. - Me..?
Yes.
We weren't related in
our previous birth. were we?
We aren't brothers
lost in the fair. are we?
There! You spoke my heart!
Brother! My brother!
My brother!
If we are brothers.
we ought to help each other. Right?
Who's doing what to whom? - You.
What..? - Help me.
All right.
Which girl are you here to bother?
How did you know I'm
here to bother a girl?
It shows on your face.
- I looked tired. don't I?
Just two women's colleges in the city.
One. I've checked out.
She ought to be here then. right?
- Yes. Exactly!
She must be here.
Find her. And tease her!
But please let me run my canteen!
Let me sell my snacks!
Listen.
What luck man!
So you told her. right?
Hi.
He is calling you.
isn't he? - Hi.
Hi Sapna.
Haven't you recognized me? - No
That's strange. Everything's
fine back home in Bhatinda. I hope?
Yes. but I haven't..
- You don't recognize me. right?
How would you?
We were never introduced.
I saw you at the fashion
show - Who is he?
You're the one I've
been looking for ever since.
When I set out from home.
I was carrying 200.000 rupees.
And now. I have nothing.
- You want to borrow money from her?
Don't be silly.
I only wanted to tell her
that I can do anything for her.
Really? Anything? - Of course.
I can even die for her.
- No. don't die for her.
Or she'll be arrested.
Very funny.
So you can do anything for me?
- Of course.
See that man?
Good morning. sir.
Good morning. How
are you. students?
Just get me his hat.
You think you can't? - No.
I was thinking what
a trivia you asked me to do.
His hat. isn't it?
Not his trousers. I hope.
I'll get it. Uncle.
The principal isn't sparing him.
Our college is participating
in the dance-competition too.
Okay? Happy?
Be prepared.
Don't be nervous. - Hello. Uncle.
Hello. You're wearing a nice hat.
Will you give it to me?
What?
Hello aunty. - Aunty?
What is this nonsense. Catch him!
Let go..
Sapna! - Call the police.
There was a call from the police
station. They've arrested some boy.
What have I to do with him?
- He says you're his elder brother.
He's even carrying your business card.
Why did I give that lover-boy my card?
My son has returned to me.
Suraj has given me money for sweets.
Lady..
You killed the poor woman!
You killed her!
Get up! You killed the poor woman!
Suraj! Suraj!
- He killed the poor woman!
Don't take the law in your hands.
Look at this. sir.
Drugs and weapons. - Bastard!
Inspector. You don't know me.
I'm Himmat's son.
Don't! Don't! Don't do this!
Take him away.
Hello. Khan sir.
Hello!
I must compliment your courage.
The courage to arrest
Himmat's son.
So much courage the cops must have.
or who will respect them?
Really. Khan sir. I
liked it very much.
Because he's Himmat's son.
he can't do anything. can he?
Because his father
is respected in the city..
..must he be respected too?
It's good that you arrested him.
It'll drill some sense into him.
But in these five hours..
..he must've come back to his senses.
Inspector.
The law is not a joke.
He's a kid. Khan sir.
And kids to make mistakes.
That is when elders like
us have to do something about it.
So what are we going to do. Khan sir?
- It's difficult right now.
Nothing can happen before Monday.
Monday..?
We can't help it. Himmat.
It's not in our hands.
The job of the police is
to make arrests. To release them..
is the job of the judge in the court.
- That's what you think
Others can do that too.
You know who does it..?
Wait. I'll show you.
I knew you'd telephone
some scoundrel or the other..
..and he'd put pressure
on Inspector Khan.
Which is why I didn't
leave this place.
You can make that call
even after you leave this place.
But remember..
..even if your son is let off
from here. he won't escape from me.
Who are you?
- I'm the old woman's son.
So what are you going
to do to my son? What..?
Do you know who I am?
Himmat. That's my name.
Have you heard that name?
- I heard your son uttering it.
I beat him up very badly.
And then I heard
Madhav Singh saying it.
I gave him a thrashing too.
Hasn't he told you..?
Save me from this chap. Pops!
And this box! This box Pops.
So you are Suraj..?
All right. All right.
If I forgive your mistake once..
you find a lot of courage. eh?
Men are born with courage.
Merely calling yourself
himmat (courage)..
..doesn't make you courageous.
- Shankar. get the car out.
Don't go away. We'll leave together.
I'll have my son freed..
and I'm not sparing you.
Let's go.
Here you are. For your welfare fund.
A humble present.
5 million? Is it a bribe?
How can you say that. Thakur sir?
It's meant for your welfare fund.
It'll help the poor. - Very well.
Okay. - Yes sir.
Good bye.
Greetings. Thakur sir.
We've brought offerings
for you from Shirdi.
Thanks to Him. the work
at the ashram has begun again.
The builder has withdrawn
the court's stay order.
I know that. - The oblations.
Trivedi.
have this cheque deposited today.
Call from Himmat.
Go on. Himmat.
- How are you. Thakur sir?
Let's talk business.
- My son has been arrested.
So what's new? Such things
keep happening in our business.
In any case. your son has gone
mad after taking all those drugs.
If he spends a few days in lock-up..
..he'll surely come to his senses.
But I depended on you and made..
..tall claims at the police station.
If you don't help me. my son will..
Don't get sentimental.
And don't forget..
..you're looking after my interests.
It isn't the other way around
Forget him and come to me immediately.
Sir. if I come over to Delhi.
my son Gogi..
Take the first flight and come to me.
Thakur sir. hats off to you!
Delhi is in your clutches.
If there's anyone
in the country more..
..powerful than the Prime Minister..
It's you! You have saved
my government from being toppled.
Looks like you've become a minister.
- All thanks to you. sir!
You are henceforth
my lord and I'm your slave.
Please pack this. - Yes. go ahead.
And.. - Aunt. you said Suraj never
helped out with domestic affairs.
But look at him.
He's even choosing jewellery.
Oh yes! There's a sea change in Suraj.
And why..?
Only he knows. Show me that one.
How's this one?
- How much is it worth?
Sapna. buy some jewellery
for yourself. - Yes. Sapna. Go ahead.
No. I'm not fond of jeweler.
But you will wear some very soon.
If you don't make a choice.
someone will choose for you. Right?
Aunty. you..
Lovely necklace.
Whom are you buying it for?
For you. - What?
Try it on.
Put it around my neck.
Wow! How does it look?
- It looks beautiful now.
Mr Suraj..
Want me to pack this? - Put this away.
I'll pick it up later.
What will you have? - Pepsi
You? - Pepsi?
Really? I'll have a coffee.
This boy's been bothering
me for so many days. Take a look..
Oh God!
Want me to fix him..? Wait a moment.
So spoilt brat!
She's the girl. isn't she?
You will tease our girl. will you?
Your girl? - Yes.
She neither looks like you.
nor behaves like you.
And who's the one who
has gone away to Canada?
So you've made all enquiries!
Even if she's his daughter.
she's our responsibility!
You will tease our girl..? - Uncle!
Why're you folding your trousers?
- It's easier to run away.
How do you know?
Only those who are guilty. run away!
I'm not sparing you!
- And I'm not letting go of her.
So you're challenging me! - Sure.
All right. I'll deal with you! - Ok.
"Love.."
"Come into my life. my love"
"Bring fragrance to
my life with your love"
"Come into my life. my love"
"Never leave my life ever"
"Love.."
"Your beauty torments me all night"
"You are the one
I dream of all the time"
"It isn't easy to trap
me with your sweet words"
"I'm no butterfly anyone
can lay his hands on"
"Love.."
"My love is meant for the one.."
"who will belong to
me through seven lifetimes"
"So much of love I have
for you in my heart. my love.."
"even a hundred lifetimes won't
be enough to give it all to you"
"Love.."
What am I to do with you?
Please arrange for my bail.
Big Brother.
So you'll land behind bars again?
Do you like it there?
Not at all.
I'm the first man in my family..
..to ever have been behind bars.
Introduce me to the girl.
I'll talk to her on your behalf.
Let me at least bring
her around first.
I'll introduce you afterwards.
- Khan. please forgive this lover.
I'll come this evening
to sign the bail papers.
Okay.
Say a proper job.
I've found a new job. - Yes.
"Hail divine Mother.."
Softly.. I can hear you.
What's the prayer for. uncle?
- As my mother said..
when there is no way.
set out on one path.
You will find your goal.
But you know what your goal is.
A job.. and the sack.
So what's the prayer for?
- To make money! Lots of money!
Money? What for?
- I've got to get two guys bumped off.
Which two guys?
- One. I can do nothing about.
The other is the guy who bails
this chap out. when he's arrested.
Who's it?
- That vagabond. that loafer!
Who teases Sapna at the college.
- Who is he?
He's the one you
paid the taxi fare for.
That fraud who claims
to come from a decent family.
He has made life miserable for Sapna.
She won't even look at him..
..and this shameless chap
won't stop bothering her!
Gupta. where is Raja? - Sir..
Where's Raja?
You..?
Why are you here?
Want to get me kicked out of here too?
Go away! - No Jugnu.
I just want Sapna's address.
- Why? To go and flirt with her?
Try doing that!
- You're taking me wrong.
Not to flirt. I want to make her mine.
I belong to an aristocratic family.
Really? - Give me her address.
I swear..
I'll see to it that your
job gets confirmed in my company.
Really? Now look mister..
..if you belong to an
aristocratic family. I'm no less.
I wouldn't stoop so low for a job.
- Listen.
Nonsense!
- You're misunderstanding me.
Now go away. Else.
you'll see the worst of me.
Please. try to understand..
- Please! Go away!
Big brother..?
What's the matter. big brother?
Big brother? Stop that farce!
Sapna belongs to a respectable family.
And she is my guest.
If you even set your
sights on her again..
I'll kill you!
I'm sorry big brother.
I can't promise.
You will flirt with her. will you?
Big brother. I respect you a lot.
But I love Sapna lot
more than I respect you.
You want to seduce her!
And you say you love her?
Who do you think you are?
I'm no cheapskate.
I'm Raghuveer Singh Chauhan's son.
The only heir to Raghuveer Industries.
Liar!
I'm not lying. big brother.
The Rajput mansion
in this city belongs to me.
Lying again?
It belongs to Savitri Devi
Savitri Devi is my mother.
Now you'll say that I'm lying.
Let me ask you something
Can you prove that your
mother is really your mother?
Answer me.
Tell me.
I'm leaving your hotel.
Not this city.
Do what you want.
But I'm not going away from Sapna.
Just what I wanted to hear from you.
I wanted to know
how much you love her.
I now believe. you love her dearly.
By the way. I trusted you.
but deep inside. I suspected.
That's why I had to put you to test.
Forgive me. Raja.
Raja.
I'm sorry.
Sure.
Frankly speaking big brother.
you are an enigma.
I don't understand you either.
You left mother behind..
I mean how could you
leave your mother and come here?
Who will take care of her?
Point. Everything was
fine while Daddy was alive.
He passed away four years ago.
Ever since. I never left mother alone.
But I couldn't help it.
She was after me to get married.
Had I not run away.
I'd have been married by now.
Think big brother.
What would've happened to Sapna?
Who would've married her?
Just okay.
Thousands might be
dreaming about marrying her.
But I dream of her everyday.
I fear. should my dream shatter.
how will I survive?
If I could get one picture of her..
Why don't you introduce her to mother?
You're strange. big brother.
I haven't yet been
introduced to her properly.
And you ask me to
introduce her to mother?
I don't even know if she likes me.
What if she refuses to meet mother?
- She won't.
Not consolation. I need your help.
Just help me once. please.
She lives in your house.
she heeds you too.
Tell her that I'm a gentleman.
That might just hit home.
Please. - I'll talk to her.
Thank you. Thank you big brother.
thank you very much.
Listen.. call mother over. quickly.
- Right away.
Hello. - Hello mother? Raja here.
Raja! Hopeless idiot!
Ass! Fraud! Where have you been?
For all these days of not
keeping in touch. she's blessing me.
How long will you pursue that girl?
- Mother.
I'm here only to meet her. Mother
Yes. I've met her.
Come over at once. mother.
I want to introduce her to you.
Ass! Where are you? - What?
Where are you?
- In Dharampur. I'm staying in a hotel
We got such a huge
ancestral mansion there.
And you're staying in a hotel?
Ma. how can I stay
alone in that huge mansion?
You haven't a cent on you.
How could you stay
in a hotel all these days?
Ma. I've found a brother..
a brother. in fact.
I lovingly call him big brother.
He's been so kind. One minute.
talk to him.. please talk to him.
Hello.
Hello son. - Mother..
..you're coming. aren't you?
- I'll be coming come over. soon.
Son. do you know the
girl Raja is talking about?
Hello.
Son. are you listening?
I said.. - Yes mother. I know her.
She's very nice.
Mother. come over quickly.
Okay darling.
Bye. - Okay bye.
What's the matter. big brother?
You're in tears?
What happened. brother?
- I talked to mother..
Just couldn't help the tears.
Why are you boozing so much?
You had quit drinking. hadn't you?
If not tonight. when will I drink?
I've talked to my mother today!
I have found my brother! Know how
he spoke to mother about Sapna?
He loves her dearly.
- And the love that you have for her?
My love for her..?
Sealed inside my heart.
Good that Sapna doesn't know.
Now I'm going to
talk to her about Raja.
For all you've been doing for him..
..why don't you tell
him you're his brother?
When mother hasn't told
him about me. how..
Why hasn't mother told him about me?
When she comes over I'll ask her..
..why she didn't tell him about me
Ask her. You must.
No. no. If I ask her.
she'll leave me and go away again.
No. I won't.. I won't ask her.
Suraj.. why does it
always happen with you?
Now don't cry. okay?
Tonight I'm overjoyed.
Get up. let's go elsewhere
and booze. Come on.
Okay. - Come.
Mister. you pushed me!
So? What are you going to do?
- We don't want a fight. Let's go.
We're very happy tonight.
- Sacred. are you?
Did your mother not breast-feed you?
She didn't. But how come you know?
Jogi. he seems to be an astrologer.
Greetings. - Goodbye.
He's a coward.
- Fight if you're born of your mother!
Amazing. You know my history.
I know I am born of her.
but my mother thinks otherwise.
Suraj.
Why? Was your mother a whore?
My mother is a Goddess!
Forgive me.
- A mother is a mother. no matter what.
Don't.. - A mother is a mother!
Calm down. Suraj. Enough.
Sapna..? You haven't gone to bed yet?
You broke the promise you gave me.
didn't you?
You've broken our friendship.
I haven't broken our friendship.
You are still my friend.
and you will always be.
But yes. I broke the promise. - Why?
Tell me something?
Have you ever been in love?
What kind of a question is that?
Simple and clear.
Have you ever loved someone.
like crazy?
Love..?
Know what Sapna?
Love is strange.
It is the essence
of all relationships.
Those who have someone to
love them are indeed very fortunate.
And you are one of them.
Me..? Who loves me? - Raja.
Raja.
You've see only his pranks.
I know his feelings.
He loves you.. dearly.
If someone's love isn't requited.
he feels suffocated.
Life becomes miserable.
You seem to have
changed overnight. Suraj.
Don't try to digress. Sapna.
Give it a good thought.
Raja is a nice boy.
And he's madly in love with you.
He loves you dearly.
Winning a girl's
heart is as much a..
..difficult task as it is easy. Raja.
She could flip in a moment.
She could even take months to decide.
And you have very little time.
- Big brother. flirting is fine.
But I never imagined I'll
have to sing your couplets.
What's the problem?
I'm with you. Sing it.
No. You will teach me. - I..?
Yes.
All right.
"You are my beloved"
"You are the fragrance in the air"
"Every moment.."
"I think of you"
"You are my beloved"
"You are the fragrance in the air"
"Every moment.."
"I think of you"
"Without seeing you. I swear.."
"I can't breathe"
"My heart's bound in a spell.."
"that your love has cast"
"You are my beloved"
"You are the fragrance in the air"
"Every moment.."
"I think of you"
You have come down on earth for me.
O celestial beauty
Lonely. in dreams of you.
I've been writing poetry
"You have come down on earth for me.
O celestial beauty"
"Lonely. in dreams of you.
I've been writing poetry"
"Now that you have seen me.
do not ignore me"
"This is the time to romance"
"I need your love"
"You are my beloved"
"You are the fragrance in the air"
"Every moment. I think of you"
On your face a blush beams.
Yet you are mischievous.
There's indifference in your eyes.
Yet there is love in your heart.
"On your face a blush beams"
"Yet you are mischievous"
"There's indifference in your eyes"
"Yet there is love in your heart"
"You are so full of love.
you are so innocent"
"The hues of my beloved are unique"
"I need your love"
"You are my beloved"
"You are the fragrance in the air"
"You are the one
I think of every moment"
"Without seeing you. I swear.."
"I can't breathe"
"My heart's bound in a spell.."
"..that your love has cast"
You're Suraj. aren't you?
My son's friend
See? I recognised you. didn't I son?
Yes mother. you've recognised me.
I knew the moron wouldn't
come to receive me.
Let's see how long he hides.
Shall we..? - Let's go.
Mother..
..you recall something?
No.. nothing.
Mother! - My darling.
Thank you for coming.
Love you.. Love you..
Leave me. I'm going to fall.
I'm with you.
- What are you doing? Silly boy.
I love you. - I love you too.
Suraj.
You are up so early?
You seem to have
stayed up all night. son.
What's the matter?
Why haven't you slept?
Mother is here. father.
Yes Father.
I can tell mother
that I'm her son. can I?
No Suraj. no. - Why not. Father?
Look Suraj. I don't want..
- What do you don't want?
What don't you want? I couldn't
tell Raja that I'm his brother.
Because mother hasn't told him
about me. Besides. I was apprehensive.
Now that mother is here.
why can't I tell her?
Father. I want to embrace mother.
Instead of embracing you.
why did she forsake you?
Why did she leave you and go away?
What if she hates you again like..
..she hated you when you were little?
Will you be able to stand it?
No son. you won't be
able to stand her slight.
It'll make life miserable.
Father.. - You'll tell
your mother nothing. Suraj.
You will not say a word to her.
I place you under my oath.
You are adopting this child.
so I told you the truth.
It's for you to decide. Doesn't
the mother and son need to stay apart?
Mr. Balwant. this is the reason..
..why I had to convince his mother
that he is dead.
I pray. the day never comes when..
.. they would get face
to face with each other.
It'd be devastating.
What's this? I asked you
to take the oblations first.
Want..? - There's
barely anything to eat.
When will you learn table manners?
Suraj takes care of me more than you.
It seems he's my son. not you.
- Suraj is..
Ma.. greetings.
- Suraj! Come son. sit here.
Amazing. big brother.
We were talking about you.
You're going to live
at least a hundred years.
No jokes. son.
It's true. we were talking about you.
Talking about me? What were
you talking about me. mother?
That. Suraj is a nice boy.
and I'm bad.
I think you're going to
steal my mother from me. big brother.
Mother belongs to the elder
brother first. As for stealing her..
..the younger brother does it.
Right mother?
I almost forgot.
Father said. it'd be nice.
if you come over and meet Sapna.
Nice? It'd be great. big brother.
Brilliant idea mother!
Are you mad? Sapna isn't
a doll that I'll inspect and try out.
Since you and Suraj like her.
I too must like her.
Yes son. I'd like to see her once.
Why not organize a party?
That'd give me an
opportunity to meet her.
Brilliant idea mother!
Holy offerings. madam. - Thanks.
Here Eat.
Here.. no. let me feed you. son.
So long time.
Suraj. she is Sapna. isn't she?
- Yes mother.
Sapna.. - Mother.
Greetings.
Go on. dear. Raja is over there.
Yes.
Suppose a fairy comes down to..
..earth in the form of a girl.
what would you do?
There she is.
See.. ladies and ladies.
My love my life.. My fairy.
What'd you have done
had Sapna not fallen for you?
I'd have married you.
You left the city as
if you vanished into thin air.
I had to leave for business' sake.
And had to return for Raja's sake.
Had to. for the sake
of my only son's happiness.
Yes you are right.
Raja. why did Suraj..?
Happiness eludes him. mother.
Some old wound must've resurfaced.
He gives his love to the world.
But he has gained nothing but anguish.
"My tears. I have suppressed"
"My life has been miserable.."
"Oh. how do I say how
helpless how I've been.."
"You are so near. yet so far.."
"I want to you call you mother.."
"I wish to embrace you.."
"Oh. how do I tell you.."
"My constraints.."
You are my son. Sonu.
Mother.
Which means your father
lied to me that you were..
My son.
My darling.
My boy.. my son.
Mother..
Go away.. get out of my sight!
When will you stop chasing me?
Get out of here. I say!
Do you know how much
I hate your very sight?
Why do you hate me. mother?
Since childhood I've been pining..
..and searching for an answer.
What makes you detest me?
Why do you hate me? Tell me. why?
Because you're not human.
You are a monster!
Yograj! - Yograj..?
You're a beast! You have
no right to live among humans!
You ought to be behind bars!
And I shall get you behind bars.
Your Honour..
I have witnessed this devil's crime.
I saw it! He raped that poor girl..
..and then mercilessly
slit the innocent's throat.
Look at him. Your Honour.
Look at that vicious grin.
But I'm not afraid of him.
Despite his threats..
..I have come to the court
so that justice may be done.
You are so lonely. Savitri.
It's such a big world.
but you have no one to call your own.
But you have a very big house.
Should any window or door squeak..
..do not dismiss it as mere breeze.
The tempest could
strike your door anytime.
I think the death sentence
has driven you insane.
You're daydreaming.
Revenge is a far cry. Yograj.
After this day you will yearn
to breathe the air of freedom.
When were you released. Yograj?
Don't step forward. Yograj.
Don't.
Ma..
Mr. Chauhan.
after your fiancée slipped into coma..
..we found out that she is pregnant
I don't want a demon's baby!
I don't want the devil!
Calm down. - Leave me.
Injection please. Savitri relax.
Relax. Nothing will
happen to you. Please.
No doctor. Please!
Savitri relax.
Savitri..
Mr. Chauhan. - Doctor. that..
No Mr. Chauhan.
abortion is impossible..
..It's more than seven months.
Must do a Caesarean. prematurely.
Safest option for mother and baby.
My son.. my darling.
My son.
My darling.
Son. you are my son.
My son!
No..
No. this is not my baby!
No. you are not my son!
You are the scoundrel's bad blood.
You are born of me. no doubt but..
..the lecher's blood
runs in your veins.
And now..
I can see his face clearly.
You are him!
Yograj.
Which is why you are
laughing at me aren't you?
You are laughing at me.
I won't spare you.
I won't spare the mark of sin!
Take him away!
Get him out of my sight.
I don't want to see his face!
I don't want this baby.
Mr Raja.
if she doesn't come around soon..
..her life could be in danger.
I think she has received
a terrible shock.
What shock. doctor? Impossible.
She was fine and happy yesterday.
How come all of a sudden..?
- No. this is not a sudden shock.
I think she has had these
kind of bouts before too.
Have you contacted your
family doctor? - Not yet.
He's attending a conference
in America. But we're trying.
Please contact him
as soon as possible. Ok.
What the doctor says just beats me.
Let it be dark. Father.
I can't stand the light.
I know you are extremely hurt. son.
But to stand the pain God
has give you a strong heart. too.
You must step out
of the darkness. son.
You got to search the
path of happiness on your own.
How is my mother? - Same as before.
The doctor it is imperative
that she comes around. else..
Nothing is happening to my mother.
Nothing! She'll be fine
Goddess Mother.
I never understood you.
But you know me.
Please help my mother recover.
Big brother.
you never fail to surprise me.
Every time you come up with
something that has no real reasons.
I could never imagine
you wouldn't come to see mother.
Though I felt like coming.
I couldn't gather enough courage.
I can't see her in this state.
Why did she go to your house?
I walked out of the party.
and she felt bad.
So she came to call me back.
But what happened there that
gave her such a terrible shock?
That's the question worrying me.
I don't know why she started yelling.
But Suraj.. - Forget it.
Tell me. how is mother?
She is very serious. big brother.
She hasn't closed
her eyes once in two days.
She is as inert as a rock.
Doctors say she's
in a very critical state.
If she doesn't come around..
Go son.
Go on
"The earth has gone to sleep"
"The skies have gone to sleep"
"Deep in the slumber
is the whole world"
"With dreams in her eyes.."
"Rocking you in her arms.."
"Your mother sings
a lullaby for you.."
"So come. sleep.."
"Come. slumber"
"I have no one but you"
"You are my only support"
"Without you. I might do the worst"
"I can't live all by myself. I'll die"
"Take me in your arms. embrace me"
"For God's sake.
Ma. don't make me cry"
"Don't bring me to tears"
"Come to me"
I told you. didn't I?
I hate the sight of you!
Get out! Get out of here!
Get out!
Nonsense!
It's a lie. Yograj cannot die!
Suraj. please.
You cannot bring alive a dead man.
Police records clearly state that..
..that man died. - In an accident?
Right. - His corpse was not found.
It happens. Suraj.
- It is also possible that..
..this is Yograj's ploy to
evade the police. Look at this.
Not a single picture of his..
..in the entire file.
No proofs. no leads.
Some pages are torn out.
If he is dead. then who did all this?
No matter what the police say..
Yograj cannot die before
my mother's humiliation is avenged.
Relax. Suraj.
I'll request the commissioner for..
..his consent to reopen Yograj's case.
Any more questions?
- No sir. Thank you.
Excuse me sir..
May I ask you few questions.
sir? - Go on
It is said the elections
for ministers..
..and the legislators are rigged.
Wrong. They can't be sold or bought.
It is those whom the public elect..
..who form the government.
Yes to set up majority
when there is none..
..we summon up like-thinking
people together. That's it.
One more request. sir.
Tell me.
I want to take some pictures
of you for our magazine.
I wish to take some pictures
Come in the evening.
Ok sir. thank you.
Himmat is on the line. Thakur sir.
Go on. Himmat.
- You have risen from the dead.
What nonsense!
- Your case that had atrophied..
has been reopened. - What..?
Who did that? - Inspector Khan did.
On his friend. Suraj's say-so.
Suraj. that eccentric.
It is also because of them
that my son Gogi is locked up.
No idea who reopened the case. but..
Himmat you always give me bad news.
And incomplete. - Why worry. sir?
Not even their angels can reach you.
- That's fine.
But precaution is better than cure.
Kill them.
What?
Yes sir.
What did the Thakur say?
- Kill them both.
As if they were mere pigeons. Damn.
Just one minute.
What..? What are you doing. sir?
I'm a bad boy for you now.
I must be like a beast
coming at you - Sir..
A devil.
But try to understand my helplessness.
Ever since I saw you
the man within me has risen.
What are you doing. sir?
Sir. - You tell me. can I help it?
Let go. sir.
No sir. don't. Please let me go.
For God's sake. let me go. - No..
Yograj and his accomplice
Himmat have been bailed out.
Himmat and Yograj are friends..?
Suraj.
Are you all right. Suraj?
- They were his men. He's alive.
Yograj is alive. Ahmed. - Yes Suraj.
Himmat will take us to him.
Welcome.
Greetings. Thakur sir.
What brings you to Dharampur?
I couldn't refuse minister
Deshmukh's request.
How are you? - I'm fine.
I hear that you are
planning something..
..unique for the welfare of women.
You have heard it right. - Yes.
When it comes to women's welfare.
I'm always a step ahead - Ok.
I want every spurned and deprived..
..woman to come up.
to hold a standing.
Yes.
I have some program for
their upliftment. - Yes. yes.
Let's see how God helps me. - Sure.
Okay. Salutations. - Salutations.
What about Suraj?
- Suraj? You mean the sun? It set.
I mean at your say-so I finished him.
He is dead.
Good.
Let's go.
Himmat. why did you lie
to him that you killed Suraj?
Had I not lied. he'd have
ripped me apart beyond stitching.
I must see this Suraj
off as soon as possible.
Good Lord!
He's here to give me a funeral!
Does he know that I
had him attacked? Scoot!
Where is Himmat? - I don't know.
Where is he? - I really don't know.
Save me! Save me. Thakur sir.
Let go of me.
Who are you? - Don't you recognise me?
Then Suraj too won't recognise me.
I'm Himmat.
What farce is this. Himmat?
What has gotten into you?
Save me from the wounded tiger.
Else that Suraj will
give me a funeral.
Suraj..? But you said.. - I lied.
I lied. Else you would've skinned me.
But how did he know
that I know Yograj?
But why is he looking for Yograj?
What crime of mine..
..brings up an enemy like Suraj?
Where is Himmat?
Speak.
Where is Himmat? Speak!
Where is your father? Tell me!
Swine! Where's your father?
Where is Himmat?
Talk!
Good morning.
Good morning. doctor.
How are you? - Fine.
Very good.
Mr. Raja. you can take
your mother home if you want.
But you need complete bed rest.
Okay. - Okay.
She is very weak. Take care. bye.
- Okay. thank you Doctor.
Shall we. mother?
Let me take you home. - Let's go. son.
You're back?
Sapna.
I was bent on seeing you tonight.
What for?
- What's come over you. Suraj?
Me..? Nothing. - Why aren't
you your old self anymore?
Why do I feel you're trying
to hide something very serious..
..that you fear might come out
in the open if you keep meeting us?
Nothing of that sort. Sapna.
It's quite late. go to bed.
Suraj.
What kind of a friend are you?
At least wish me happy birthday.
Is it your birthday?
Happy birthday.
May you be blessed with
all the happiness in the world.
Thanks.
Would you give me anything I ask for?
- Ask for anything.
Promise? - Promise.
You must come tomorrow
for my birthday party.
That's all? I will come.
- You won't make an excuse. will you?
You have promised me.
- I will certainly come.
Hey this is beautiful. Give me
this one. Pack it nicely. yeah? - Hey.
Why are you showing him that?
Put it away.
Sorry. sir. That necklace is sold.
Please find another one.
Sir please. This is the one I like.
I've seen the others.
If you wish. we can make
another necklace of the same design.
But that will take some time.
Today's the birthday and today
I must gift it. Please try something.
I'll call the gentleman who wanted it.
Maybe he doesn't want it anymore?
- Thank you.
Sapna. what do you think
of this place for the party?
Fantastic! Ma'am this is
the best place that we have. - Okay.
Lighting and decoration.. - Everything
will be done ma'am. - Hello.
Sir. this is Mahesh from D.P.
Jewellers.
You had liked a necklace
and ask me to preserve it for you.
May I send it home or
will you have it picked up?
A necklace?
- Have you already forgotten?
You were here with Mr. Balwant.
Mr. Jugnu and the whole family
And there was this girl. your guest..
what was her name?
Sapna! Right. Sapna.
You had chosen it for her.
Remember. Mr Suraj? - Yes. I remember
I don't need it anymore.
You may sell it to anyone you wish.
Okay. You are lucky sir.
You can have the necklace.
Yes.
"It's a lovely evening
and my beloved is with me"
"What more I could
ask for in my lifetime?"
"It's a lovely evening
and your beloved is with you"
"What more can you
want for your love?"
"It's a lovely evening
and my beloved is with me"
"Such a lovely evening
and our feelings are young"
"It's such a lovely evening
and we're young at heart"
"What better things could
I want for a friendship?"
"It's a lovely evening
and my beloved is with me"
"You are like the moonlight.
you are like a fairy.."
"..for poets. you are so inspiring"
"The sight of you
drove my heart crazy.."
"..and thus started a love-story"
"Colour. beauty and lovely dreams.."
"I have it all"
"What more could
I ask for to be happy?"
"It's a lovely evening
and my beloved is with me"
"Here's love.
passion and the beloved.."
"My eyes express what my lips don't.."
"..my story is different
from everybody else's"
"I have fallen in love with anyone.."
"I've never ever allowed
the sweet agony to grip my heart"
"There's music.
there's melody. there's a song.."
"..what more can we want
for a lovely number?"
"It's a lovely evening
and my beloved is with me"
"What more could I want in life?"
"It's a lovely evening
and your beloved is with you"
"What more could you want in love?"
Mr Rajpal Thakur.
who is today in our midst..
..who will tell us how rapists
should be punished. Thakur sir.
Why does man forget that it
was a woman who gave birth to him?
Why does he make her
a victim of his lust?
Why does he outrage her modesty?
Why does he rape her?
In my opinion. rape is a
more heinous crime than even murder.
Because in a murder.
a woman dies only once.
Whereas rape inflicts death
on a woman every day of her life.
And a woman rues something
for which she was not to blame.
Woman is the greatest
boon God has granted to man.
We ought to worship her.
Love her.
Respect her.
A woman deserves a status
that is equal to God's.
However. there are monsters who.
blinded by lust..
try to violate a
woman's sacred honour.
For men who commits
such heinous crimes..
..a 7-year prison term is not enough.
They ought to be paraded..
..in the streets and shot dead.
Thank you.
This chap is Suraj.
the owner of this hotel.
He's the one who had your file..
In the applause of the others..
..I found true
appreciation for myself.
Your applause.
however. pokes fun at me.
That's what I think. - And I thought..
..that your face wasn't in
sync with what you were saying.
Don't you think shooting such
men will make death easy for them?
So how should such men be punished?
A man like that ought
to be tortured to death.
He ought to be blinded for
casting a lustful look at a woman.
His hands ought to be severed..
..the hands that violated
a woman's honour.
He should be publicly whipped.
so much that..
..he begs for pardon.
You have indeed thought
of a great punishment.
So much of hatred?
Any special reason
for so much of contempt?
Do you need a reason to
hold something evil in contempt..
Thakur. - Thakur sir
You are indeed an interesting man.
Your face isn't again
saying what your mouth is.
A man who speaks the truth
isn't interesting.. he's bitter.
Perhaps my face won't
again express what my lips do.
But I do like people like you.
- But I do not like you at all.
Why do you think I'm so bad?
This is our very first meeting.
No. Thakur sir. We are no strangers.
We have already met.
Where? - I don't know.
But we have surely met.
Why've you been looking for me?
What do you want from me?
Yograj!
Who..? - Your old friend. Yograj.
Kid. dead-men don't come back to life.
They do.
Just tell me his whereabouts..
..or I'll turn you
into a dead-man too.
Such guts to confront Himmat?
He has the guts. all right.
I'll give you an answer
to all your courage today.
Faster!
Thakur sir.
Suraj has escaped from my clutches.
I mean. I've escaped his clutches!
- I get it. Himmat.
This is not your cup of tea.
You can just watch how I
tame this ferocious tiger of yours.
Let's go.
Why don't you tell me?
These fits that mother suffers from..
..what's the reason?
As difficult as it
is for me to say it..
..it'll be more difficult
for you to hear it.
Many years ago. your mother
went through a terrible incident..
..I was on duty at the hospital then.
There was an unfortunate boy who was..
..separated from
us and abandoned here.
It was Suraj. wasn't it?
Big brother! Here I am!
Raja. Why have you called me here?
What I want to talk to you..
..about cannot be discussed
at the mansion nor at your house.
And I had to drink..
..because I couldn't have talked
about it in a sober state of mind.
I'm sorry.
What's so serious. Raja?
- Raja..? Already?
Won't you call me little brother?
Won't you embrace me?
Won't you hug me?
Your favors.
your love and your sacrifice..
I could understand nothing you do.
And today I realize..
how big the elder brother really is.
What say. brother?
Despite being brothers.
we have different destinies.
I get all the happiness
and you get all the sorrows.
I get the share of the joys..
and you get to share the woes.
I was the one who got
all of our mother's love.
And you.. you got only hatred.
You even pined to
hear mother call you son.
Brother. when I think of
what you've been through. I..
There is no problem now. Raja.
I have my brother with me.
If that is true.
why did Suraj give his letters to you?
Because he's my brother. Sapna.
For the sake of their
younger brothers..
..elder brothers often
sacrifice their joys.
Sapna. my brother has found
nothing but pain in his lifetime.
You know how ill-luck
has always followed him.
How can I pay back a brother
for the sacrifices he has made?
I want you to help me. Sapna.
Please help me.
Like I snatched his
mother from him as a child..
I don't want to snatch
his love from him today.
Sapna.. Sapna?
Suraj. will you tell
me the truth? - What?
Are you in love with me?
What sort of question is that?
- Straight and simple.
You were the one who said that..
..love makes for
a strange relationship.
That every relationship
in the world is..
..merged into this one relationship?
I want to know. Suraj.
All these letters..
did you write them for me?
Is love all that matters in life?
Does friendship amount to nothing?
How could you even
imagine such a thing?
What made you think like that?
Is it because of these letters..?
Because you see the name "Sapna" here?
Is there only one Sapna in this world?
It's a coincidence. The girl I was..
..in love with was also called Sapna.
What..? - She couldn't marry me.
She married someone else.
Anyway.. how was I
to know that my letters..
..would help my brother some day?
You are my best friend. And
you couldn't understand my feelings?
I'm sorry.
Gogi!
My son is here! The apple of my eye!
Himmat finds courage again!
- What Himmat?
What Himmat? What bloody Himmat!
Your courage went to sleep when..
..your son was doing
labour in prison?
When Inspector Khan and
Suraj were grinding my bones..
..to find out where my father was.
where was your courage?
It's me! Gogi!
I have endangered my life to get away.
Rascle. Himmat!
You are the one who escaped.
Gogi. - Yes.
What happened?
He's come to catch you!
He was our link to Yograj.
'Sanskrit chant'
Yograj!
What are you doing..?
This is Thakur sir!
Leave him. Leave him! - Mother.
Nothing.
Yograj. - Mother!
It's okay.. I'm sorry sir.
This is Thakur-sir.
- I'm sorry. Thakur sir
Mother often has these fits.
She isn't well.
I am really sorry. Sorry.
Mother! He's not Yograj. mother.
It's Thakur.
Everything will be all right.
No. this is not a disguise!
I was burnt! By Suraj!
I'm glad I went a doctor on time.
As they truly say..
..doctors are like Gods.
One saved me..
..and even answered your question.
A question that always bothered you.
As to why Suraj is after your blood.
Gogi.
When I came to my senses.
I heard this doctor
saying something about Suraj.
I then put pressure
on him and got to know..
You tell him.
What do you know? Tell me.
He.. there was someone called
Yograj who had raped Savitri-devi.
Suraj is the offspring
of that outrage.
Doctor.
No one gives birth to
such illegitimate children.
They cause a lot of problems.
A lot of problems they cause!
I have a feeling that
this Thakur is Yograj.
Because whenever we
set out to find Yograj..
..we come across Thakur.
Okay. Suraj. On mere suspicion..
- We'll even find the evidence.
The guilt of a criminal
often implicates him.
Hello. - - Yograj.
Which Yograj? - The Yograj..
..who raped innumerable
girls in this very city..
..and then slit their throats.
You've got the wrong number.
There is no Yograj here.
This is Thakur Rajveer
Singh's residence.
Yograj. you can fool the
world as Thakur.. but not me
I've been looking
for you for many years.
And here you are.
- Haven't I told you?
I told you that you
are making a mistake.
I recognise your voice very well.
I have evidence of your dirty deeds.
I want a deal with you for your life.
For just 5 million rupees.
At 5 this evening.
come to table 10 at..
..the Royal Club. with the money.
Or else. I have other
buyers for those pictures.
Hello..
If he or any of his men gets there..
..it means Thakur is indeed Yograj.
Waiter. where is table number 10 ?
- It's right ahead. sir.
Where is Yograj? - Who's that?
Tell me.
Your Thakur..?
At the Home for Women.
Don't move.
Nobody moves from here.
You are all under arrest.
I have taken an oath that
this patriarchal society..
..which inflicts atrocities on women.
shall have..
shall..
Stop him!
Leave him! Leave him! I'll shoot you.
Stop!
Take him away!
It's okay. Are you alright sir?
Are you okay. Thakur sir..?
- He's crazy!
The first time I met you. I wondered..
..how a softie like Babu
could sire a fiery son like you.
And then I got to know..
that you're an illegitimate son.
What rage! Rage at the truth?
Suraj. your death
is a certainty today.
Why? Can't you see?
Take a good look.
Today. my face says
what my tongue says.
Hats off to you. You have
at last got to know that I'm Yograj.
People are scared of eye-balling.
Yograj and you had
the temerity to hit him.
That was a gross miscalculation
you made of my strength.
You are a coward and a spineless man.
You do know how to outrage
the modesty of a woman.
The acid that comes with
the offspring of your outrage..
..you do not have the courage to face.
No wonder you've had me tied up..
..to behave like an eunuch.
What did you say?
An eunuch?
Your very existence defies
what you just said. Suraj.
You are a spirited man. no doubt.
You have indeed taken
after your mother.
Know what?
She was a spirited lady too.
Like a glass of wine..
she was very intoxicating.
Like the Full Moon..
she was brimming with youth.
Like a dish that is boiling..
..she was hot.
Leave him.
Let go!
Leave.
Hit him.
Someone make him let go!
Get him!
Not your entire police force..
..could get your
hands on one unarmed man!
Shame on you!
0 We are doing our best. Thakur-sir
I don't want to listen
to anything! Shut up!
Find him. however you do it.
Before that dog can bite me.
hack him to pieces. Get that?
Very well. Thakur sir.
Get out of that place immediately.
S.P. Rana knows where you are..
..and he's out to kill you.
And listen. Suraj..
Thakur has been exposed
before the police.
His finger-prints have
proved that he's Yograj.
But he's absconding.
Recognise me..?
You don't even recognise
the father of..
..the illegitimate child you bore?
Yograj.
I'm going to kill you!
No one can kill me anymore. Savitri.
You are now in my custody.
I'm taking you to Delhi and no one..
..can do any harm to me out there.
Not even the one I fathered.
Drag her along!
Hello.
Raja? - Go on. Sapna.
Yograj has kidnapped mother.
- Yograj has kidnapped mother?
What..?
Hello. Suraj!
Mother has had a fit again. - What?
Yes.
Where are you right now?
- At Cart Road. following them.
At Cart Road..? - Yes.
All right.
Brother Carter Road.
Thakur sir! There's Suraj!
There they are. brother.
Blow them up!
What is this chaos? Move it!
What are you doing?
There is a traffic jam!
Move it! Move that truck!
Get out of the car!
Move!
Suraj!
Move out! Leave the car!
Hey come on!
Hey. move the car!
Attention. passengers.
Train on platform on number
one is headed for the yard.
Passengers are requested
not to board it.
Come on!
Else. I'll shoot both your sons.
Faster! The train
must stop only in Delhi!
Madhav.
Mother.
Madhav Singh.
My son.. my son!
My darling son..
Come.. come to Papa
Come. my son.
You're hurt.
Come to Papa.. come. Here's another.
Come.
My son!
Suraj!
Kill this monster.. kill him!
Forgive me. my son! My son!
You are my son.
My blood flows in your veins.
- Shut up!
Only my mother's
blood flows in my veins.
And that blood seeks your blood.
Mother.
My son! Suraj.. - Mother!
No. - Mother.
Son Suraj.
My son. I owe you so much
I could never give you
the love you were entitled to
Forgive me. my son. - No. Mother
Don't say such things.
See? I'm happy today..
I lie in my mother's lap.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org